feat: Support PodDisruptionBudgets (#399)
stackabletech/hbase-operator: docs/modules/hbase/pages/usage-guide/operations/index.adoc

= Operations

This section of the documentation is intended for the operations teams that maintain a Stackable Data Platform installation.

> Please read on the xref:concepts:operations/index.adoc[Concepts page on Operations] with the necessary details to operate the platform in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the xref:concepts:operations/index.adoc[Concepts page on Operations] that contains the necessary details to operate the platform in a production environment.
```
